Add CONTRIBUTING.md (#13)
securefederatedai/openfl-contrib: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing
Openfl-contrib is an extension of [OpenFL](https://github.com/securefederatedai/openfl). It is intended to serve a staging ground for new features that may eventually be upstreamed to OpenFL or as a home to host experimental features, research code, tutorials, etc.

We welcome contributions from the community. There are several ways to contribute:
* Improvements in documentation
* New tutorials and demos
* Contributing to OpenFL-contrib's code-base via bug-fixes or feature additions.
* Participating in the upstream OpenFL's [roadmap](https://github.com/securefederatedai/openfl/blob/develop/ROADMAP.md) discussions.

> We have a slack [channel](https://join.slack.com/t/openfl/shared_invite/zt-ovzbohvn-T5fApk05~YS_iZhjJ5yaTw) and we host regular [community meetings](https://github.com/securefederatedai/openfl#support).

Reviewer: I just opened an [\#openfl-contrib](https://openfl.slack.com/archives/C08BWPSE8UX) channel in the OpenFL slack for this purpose. Would recommend changing the wording to:

 ```suggestion
Join the [\#openfl-contrib channel](https://join.slack.com/t/openfl/shared_invite/zt-ovzbohvn-T5fApk05~YS_iZhjJ5yaTw) in the OpenFL slack to get in touch quickly with the development and maintainer team. We are happy to answer questions and provide guidance if you're interested in contributing to a particular area. If you want to ask a question live, we host monthly [community meetings](https://github.com/securefederatedai/openfl#support) on Zoom.

```

Author: Great, thanks!
